Description of modifications made to swift (#3)
mbatc/swift-wasm-test: README.md

This step installs the Swift python package, `swift-sim` to the web environment and then uses `empack` to export the web environment to the `./dist` directory.

The web page in [site](./site/) and next-swift built in the previous step are then copied to `./dist`. The `dist` folder is then ready to be hosted on a server.

## Swift Modifications

> The desktop verison of Swift has two components. [Swift](https://github.com/jhavl/swift) (a desktop python package) and [React-Swift](https://github.com/jhavl/react-swift) (a user interface implemented as a React web app). The Swift simulates the environment and tReact-Swift draws the simulation allowing you to interact with it. The main challenges were related to getting these two components to communicate. The desktop implementation uses technologies that aren’t available in Web Assembly. For example, Swift spins up a HTTP server to host the React Swift user interface, a WebSocket server is used to send messages between the simulation and the user interface, and there are additional challenges accessing assets which would usually be read directly from the users hard-drive.

Author: ```suggestion
The desktop verison of Swift has two components. [Swift](https://github.com/jhavl/swift) (a desktop python package) and [React-Swift](https://github.com/jhavl/react-swift) (a user interface implemented as a React web app). Swift simulates the environment and React-Swift draws the simulation allowing you to interact with it. The main challenges were related to getting these two components to communicate. The desktop implementation uses technologies that aren’t available in Web Assembly. For example, Swift spins up a HTTP server to host the React Swift user interface, a Web Socket Server is used to send messages between the simulation and the user interface, and there are additional challenges accessing assets which would usually be read directly from the users hard-drive.
```

> Swift supports two communication models: Web Sockets, and RTC. For WebAssembly an additional communication model was implemented based on [PyJS](https://github.com/emscripten-forge/pyjs.git). PyJS is a Python <=> JavaScript foreign function interface that is part of [Emscripten Forge](https://github.com/emscripten-forge/recipes). The communication model was implementing by exposing hooks from the Python module, which can be called from JavaScript. These hooks are used to set up callbacks that handle messages. At this stage, the messages use the exact same format as the Web Sockets communications so only minor modifications were needed on the JavaScript side.

Author: ```suggestion
Swift supports two communication models: Web Sockets, and RTC. For WebAssembly an additional communication model was implemented based on [PyJS](https://github.com/emscripten-forge/pyjs.git). PyJS is a Python <=> JavaScript foreign function interface that is part of [Emscripten Forge](https://github.com/emscripten-forge/recipes). The communication model was implementing by exposing hooks from the Python module, which can be called from JavaScript running in the browser. These hooks are used to set up callbacks that handle messages. At this stage, the messages use the exact same format as the Web Sockets communications model, so only minor modifications were needed on the JavaScript side.
```
